## Recataloguing Dorothea Franzen Malacology Specimens
The specimens targeted in this workflow were originally collected or catalogued in type lots by Frank Collins Baker (largely for publication in his 1911 publication, [The Lymnæidæ of North and Middle America: recent and fossil](https://doi.org/10.5962/bhl.title.20500)). In the 1950s, researcher Dorothea Franzen designated a lectotype specimen from each type lot and gave the specimen a catalogue number with suffix 'A' (e.g. Frazen designated lectotype for *Sphaerium lilycashense* with catalogue number 18105A from type lot [CHAS:Inv:18105](http://arctos.database.museum/guid/CHAS:Inv:18105). During Arctos data migration, 'A' suffixes were translated to '.1', and the original type lots were given suffix '.2'. In Summer 2018, it was determined that the original type lot should be databased under the original catalogue number and that the '.2' suffix should be removed. The following workflow was written and implemented by NSF PEN collection technician [@dpiquard](https://github.com/dpiquard).

### Workflow.
1. Find all of the type specimens associated with Dorothea Franzen in Cab 18: Tray 38, Tray 39, and Tray TYPES TEMP (should be about 15-20 specimens). 
2. Each specimen should have a catalogue number with a suffix '.1' and '.2'. 
3. All of the specimens with suffix '.2' will need to be re-cataloged without the '.2' suffix so the record should show just the original catalogue number. To do this:
    - Open the record for the given specimen.
    - Click on the 'Other IDs' tab.
    - In the 'Edit Existing Identifiers' field, change the catalogue number to remove the .2 suffix (Arctos will take a few moments to recognize the change).
    - [Add a redirect](http://handbook.arctosdb.org/documentation/catalog.html#recataloging-specimens ) (Manage Data -> Tools -> Redirects) for all of the specimens with '.2' in the suffix so they will be automatically redirected to the original catalogue number specimens.
4. Add verbage to the specimen remarks that describes Franzen's process:
    - *For the lectotype specimen:* Specimen was designated a Lectotype from the original Type lot by visiting researcher Dorothea Franzen between 1952-1958. Type lot retained the original catalogue number while the Lectotype catalogue number was given a suffix 'A' by Franzen and '.1' during the data migration into Arctos to indicate it is a separate specimen but still associated with the original Type lot [D. Piquard 2018-06-29].
    - *For the original lot:* Dorothea Franzen, associated with Illinois Wesleyan University, conducted research on the ChAS malacology type specimens between 1952-1958. During this exploration, she selected one specimen from a type lot, designated it a Lectotype, and issued a new identifier, typically the catalogue number followed by an 'A'. During the data migration into Arctos, the Lectotype was issued a suffix of '.1' [D. Piquard 2018-06-29].
5. For the Lectotype specimens (the ones with suffix .1), add a 'secondary identifier' of the catalogue number with the suffix 'A'. 
6. Because original type lots were split, during the inventory, type lots were recorded as having missing parts. Delete the 'missing' parts in the database record.
    - In future, rather than deleting these 'missing' parts, instead change disposition to 'recataloged' and add to remarks verbage like this: 'Previously recorded as missing, found in collection on [date by name]. Specimen was separated and recataologued as lectotype [catalogue number] by Dorothea Franzen in the 1950s.'
7. The end result should be that all of the Type specimens that were identified as a 'Lectotype' by Dorothea Franzen should have a catalogue number with a suffix '.1'. And all of the Type Lot specimens should be under their original catalogue number. Both specimen records should have the appropriate Remarks added to clarify how the data was managed.
8. Add [reciprocal relationships](https://handbook.arctosdb.org/documentation/other-identifying-numbers.html) between the Franzen Lectotype specimens and the original catalogue number specimens that indicate that they are 'from same lot.'
9. Add original Type [specimen citations](type-specimen-data-catpure.markdown) to the both original type lot and lectotype specimen records.
10. Add the appropriate citations from Franzen regarding the designation of these specimens as 'Lectotypes.' There is biographical info about Dorothea Franzen in L:\Inventory\Archives\People\Biographies and the publication is listed there Nautilus.
